fix: trace sync improvements (#1200)
getsentry/sentry-native: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

**Breaking changes**:

> - Use `propagation_context` as the single source of `trace_id` for spans and events. Transactions no longer create a new trace, but inherit the trace from the `propagation_context`. If needed, this context can be updated manually through `sentry_set_trace()` ([#1200](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/pull/1200))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `propagation_context` as the single source of `trace_id` for spans and events. Transactions no longer create a new trace, but inherit the trace from the `propagation_context` created during SDK initialization. This context can be later modified through `sentry_set_trace()` (primarily used by other SDKs). ([#1200](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-native/pull/1200))
```
